thank you
and then since then we've got 52 you can
better beans with we're trying to get
the kitchen ready to crank out 20,000
meals a day these are going
I would hope that if my family need help
that someone would be there to help them
so I'm out there helping when I can
she's headed for Slidell she had a child
in the back seat that meaning the
nebulizer treatment and she had gotten
partially through with it and then
couldn't complete it so she asked us if
we had electrical hook-up and we were
able to plug her nebulizer into that
line so that the child could finish
their treatment
okay
there is some people that have stayed
and there's the Jefferson Parish at all
people in their homes in that
electricity so we'll get in there
all right guys all that rope
we're loaded up with Franks and beans
but she wondered that that's a real
account for this evening and I got the
hope is to find some folks who are in
need who have you know unmet needs
related to Hurricane Gustav you know
there's no more direct service you can
provide someone the handing handing the
hot meal that they wouldn't have
otherwise American Red Cross hot meals
cold drinks coming in
does that discriminating taste there's
nothing more rewarding than to go up and
someone gives you a big hug says thanks
for me
and the more positive we are to the
clients the more encouraged they are
that it's going to be okay
disaster victims need your help today
throughout the United States disasters
of destroying homes and devastating
lives disasters like the recent
hurricane you can help victims of
disasters by supporting the American Red
Cross Disaster Relief Fund this fund
enables the Red Cross to provide shelter
food counseling and other assistance to
victims of disasters to find out how you
can help call 1-800 Red Cross or visit
redcross.org today